Add nav slot to Step component (#1606)
skeletonlabs/skeleton: .changeset/itchy-mice-judge.md

> ---
> "@skeletonlabs/skeleton": patch
> ---
> 
> Added a navigation slot to the Step component, this replaces the Back button for the first step only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@skeletonlabs/skeleton": minor
---

feat: Added a navigation slot to the Step component, this replaces the Back button for the first step only
```
